Update Transfer Ownership instructions (#1546)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/manage/actions.md

### Transfer Application Ownership

> You can transfer application ownership between balenaCloud organizations. In order to transfer application ownership, you will need to perform a series of steps using both the **source** account's organization and **target** account's organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications with all their associated devices, releases and members can be transferred to any other balenaCloud organization. Application transfers are between a **source** and a **target** organization.

Only organization administrators can initiate and complete application transfers. You must coordinate with one of the receiving organization's administrators to perform the following actions:
```

> 1. Take note of the Application name and balenaCloud username (*in the top-right drop-down*) in the **source** account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Take note of the application name in the **source** account.
```

Reviewer: Ignore this comment, I couldn't get Github to delete it.

> 1. Take note of the Application name and balenaCloud username (*in the top-right drop-down*) in the **source** account.
> 2. In the **target** balenaCloud organization, create a new balenaCloud Application using the same Application name.
> 3. In the **Members** of the Application you just created, add the **source** balenaCloud username as a **Developer** role. If you are an admin of the **target** organization, then no action is needed since you already have access to the new application.
> 4. In the **source** balenaCloud account, select **<Application>** --> **Actions** --> **Transfer This Application**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Take note of the application name in the **source** organization and your balenaCloud username (*in the top-right drop-down*).
2. Ask an administrator of the **target** balenaCloud organization to create a new application using the same application name.
3. Ask the administrator of the **target** balenaCloud organization to add you as a member of the newly created application with a Developer role, using your username. See [Adding members to an application](i-dont-know-the-url). If you are an administrator of the **target** organization, you already have access to the new application and you can skip this step.
4. In the **source** organization, select **<Application>** --> **Actions** --> **Transfer This Application** and pick the **target** organization from the list to complete the transfer.
```

### Transfer Application Ownership

Applications with all their associated devices, releases and members can be transferred to any other balenaCloud [organization][organization]. Application transfers are between a **source** and a **target** organization.

Only organization [administrators][administrator] can initiate and complete application transfers. You must coordinate with one of the receiving organization's administrators to perform the following actions:

1. Take note of the application name in the **source** organization and your balenaCloud username (*in the top-right drop-down*).

> 2. Ask an administrator of the **target** balenaCloud organization to create a new application using the same application name.

Reviewer 2: NIT: Even though "empty" is also mentioned in the notes, imo it's just a single word and I see no reason to not add it in here as well. Not sure whether this was discussed before though.
```suggestion
2. Ask an administrator of the **target** balenaCloud organization to create a new empty application using the same application name.
```

3. Ask the administrator of the **target** balenaCloud organization to [add you as a member][add-application-member] of the newly created application with a [`Developer`][developer] role, using your username. If you are an administrator of the **target** organization, you already have access to the new application & this step can be skipped.
4. In the **source** organization, select **<Application>** --> **Actions** --> **Transfer This Application** and pick the **target** organization from the list to complete the transfer.

> __Note:__ If the **Transfer This Application** button is grayed out, ensure that you have created an empty application in the **target** organization with the same name as the source application, and that the **source** username has been added as a **Developer** to the **target** application.

Reviewer 2: > that the **source** username has been added as a **Developer** to the **target** application.

This sounds a bit confusing in the orgs era. It's more like:
> the user that is going to initiate the transfer from the **source** organization has been....
